DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy,
and both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun. We just might
have a chance of regaining control of Bakugan Interspace
and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[heavy impact]
[mighty roar]
[laser blast]
[laser blasts]
RAZENOID: The time has come!
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
ANNOUNCER: A faction of rogue Bakugan
have gone on a rampage inside Interspace.
[laser blasts]
[explosion]
SHUN: Huh? MARUCHO: Huh?
ANUBIAS: I told you both already...
ANUBIAS: ...it's the end.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Interspace Under Siege
[explosions]
CROWD OF PANICKED KIDS: [terrified screams]
[large explosion]
[fire blast]
SHUN: This looks bad.
PAIGE: Guys! What the heck is going on, here?
MARUCHO: I don't know guys,
but those Bakugan are on a pretty serious rampage.
RAFE: Yeah, but it looks to me like it's only
the Chaos Bakugan.
MARUCHO: Be careful everyone it's a strategic attack.
PAIGE: Yeah, but who the heck do you think is behind it, huh?
SHUN: Who cares? We just have to stop them.
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Let's go, Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Just point the way, Shun!
I'm ready to fiiiiiiiight!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
MARUCHO: Go get 'em, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Time to crush some bugs!
PAIGE: Bakugan Brawl!
PAIGE: Bakugan stand!
PAIGE: Subterra Boulderon attack!
BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
RAFE: Bakugan Brawl!
RAFE: Bakugan stand!
RAFE: Make the Castle Knights proud Haos Wolfurio.
WOLFURIO: Of course!
MARUCHO: It's up to us, guys.
PAIGE, RAFE and SHUN: Right!
BEN: Where did those things come from?
JACK: [laughter] I dunno Ben,
but they're making a total mess!
[large explosion]
[fire blast]
CROWD OF PANICKED KIDS: [terrified screams]
ROBIN: Those things are everywhere!
ANUBIAS: So do something!
NOAH: Anubias!
BEN: Huh? Bolcanon?
ROBIN: And Krakenoid?
ANUBIAS: Why are you standing there?
ANUBIAS: We can't be the champions of this place
if it's destroyed so snap out of it!
You guys head over to Area B. I'll take Area C.
BEN: Sure boss.
ROBIN: Let's go!
ANUBIAS: Wait. NOAH: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: C'mere for a sec, kid.
ANUBIAS: Hold out your hand, I've got something for you.
NOAH: Ah... What's this?
ANUBIAS: A little something to help boost your skills.
NOAH: Awesome!
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph.
SELLON: Well, aren't you the caring teacher, Anubias.
ANUBIAS: Get lost.
SELLON: Don't lose your focus.
Master Mag Mel is counting on you after all.
ANUBIAS: And what about your mission Sellon?
SELLON: Hmmmph.
[mighty roar]
[laser blasts]
SELLON: No, no! Argh!
ANUBIAS: Hah! Cat got your tongue?
I guess you're not so perfect after all.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph.
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Here we go guys.
MARUCHO: Ability activate.
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaaah!
[laser blasts]
BOULDERON: Whoa! [grunt, pain reax]
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Thanks Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: No problem. I know you'd do the same for me.
PAIGE: They just keep coming.
RAFE: The only way we're going to stop them is to find
the root of the problem and destroy them from within.
TRISTAR: Marucho! What are we gonna do, buddy?
MARUCHO: Hang on. Let me think about this.
MARUCHO: We need to split up so we can corral
all of the Chaos Bakugan into one place.
PAIGE: What for?
MARUCHO: If they're in one spot I can delete the spatial data
and wipe out the Chaos Bakugan.
RAFE: But you'll leave a hole in the data matrix.
MARUCHO: We don't' have a choice Rafe. We have to
put the safety of the human occupants of Interspace first.
PAIGE: Huh. For a little guy he sure has a big brain.
MARUCHO: Um. I'm not that small, but thanks I guess.
PAIGE: Okay! I'm ready to do this!
RAFE: Mmm-hmmm! Let's go!
RAFE: I want to give you something Marucho.
MARUCHO: What is it?
RAFE: They're the BakuNanos we Castle Knights use.
SHUN: I don't trust these.
PAIGE: What's your problem?
You're not really in the position to be fussy, pal.
SHUN: Whatever.
TAYLEAN: I'm willing to try it, Shun.
SHUN: Are you sure?
TAYLEAN: I know you're worried about the chaos
these things can cause, but we are skilled battlers.
SHUN: I just don't know if now's the time
to try out new technology.
TAYLEAN: It may give us the advantage we need.
SHUN: Okay.
RAFE: Alright then, I'm going to forward the BakuNano
operational data to your BakuMeters.
MARUCHO: Okay everyone. Don't forget the plan.
MARUCHO: We need to herd all of the Chaos Bakugan
into Battle Area B.
PAIGE: I love it! When do we get started, huh?
MARUCHO: Attention everyone.
This is an emergency message from
the Bakugan Interspace administrators.
Everyone must evacuate immediately.
MARUCHO: I repeat.
This is an emergency message from the
Bakugan Interspace administrators...
JACK: I dunno guys. Are you sure we can
handle all of them?
BEN: Quit being a chicken. The boss said fight so we fight.
ROBIN: So jump in there if you're such a tough guy.
NOAH: Oh man!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
RAFE: Let's go, Wolfurio!
RAFE: Spear Aegis!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: BakuNano Slingpike!
Destroy, now!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Oh yeeeeeeah!
TRISTAR: Okay! My turn!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: That's right. Run you cowards.
TRISTAR: They're all heading for Area B, Marucho.
MARUCHO: Nice work, Tristar! Way to go.
TRISTAR: We've got them all moving now buddy.
Are you sure you can circumvent the security systems
in time to delete the operational data
and get rid of them?
MARUCHO: I'm working on things right now.
Fingers crossed it'll all pan out.
SHUN: Ability activate!
Done Red, Slash Sword!
SHUN: Head over that way!
TAYLEAN: You got it! [grunt]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Hyper Sword Storm!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Slaaaaaaash!
[ground cracking explosion]
SHUN: Great work, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Thanks boss.
MARUCHO: Come on, guys. Get the rest of them here.
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy impacts]
WOLFURIO: And stay down.
TAYLEAN: Come and get it.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Hah. Just like a row of dominoes!
Hmmmmph!
RAFE: Oh wow! PAIGE: Check it out!
MARUCHO: Yeah, Shun's a pretty fierce battler.
SHUN: Marucho. That should be all of them.
You ready?
MARUCHO: You bet. If everyone can secure the exits Shun,
I'll run the startup sequence.
SHUN: You heard the man.
WOLFURIO: We're on it!
BOULDERON: Yup!
TAYLEAN: Over there Shun!
SHUN: What the?
SHUN: What is Team Anubias doing here?
RAFE: Marucho don't do it!
If you run it they'll be erased too.
MARUCHO: Huh? You guys need to get out of there!
I'm about to delete the spatial data for that whole area!
If you stay you're in danger!
JACK: Delete?
BEN: Aw snap!
ROBIN: This way!
BEN: What are you doing? We gotta get outta here!
NOAH: I can't move my legs.
BEN: What? Aw man!
MAG MEL: That's right little boy! Tremble with fear,
because fear feeds me just as well as chaos energy.
[mighty roar] [evil laughter]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: [groan]
DAN: Drago!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Dan something's not right. I can feel
a power surge flowing deep inside of me.
DAN: Yeah I can... feel it too...
DAN: I think it's, Bakugan Interspace calling us.
DRAGO: We have to get back to Earth, before it's too late.
MARUCHO: I can't run the delete program with
Team Anubias still down there!
RAFE: Well you better figure something out
because we can't hold them off for much longer.
PAIGE: Do something!
RAFE: Please, Marucho!
MARUCHO: But... I...
MARUCHO: Ooohhhh!
PAIGE: What's that? RAFE: Dunno! MARUCHO: Maybe help?
SHUN: Or more Chaos Bakugan.
[lightning blast]
[explosion]
MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Huh?
SPECTRA: Hmmph. So this is Bakugan Interspace.
SPECTRA: It looks like the Brawlers could use a hand
getting things back in order.
SPECTRA: [chuckle]
SHUN: No way! MARUCHO: Whoa!
MARUCHO: It's Spectra!
SPECTRA: Let's show them your new powers, Helios!
DAN: We gotta hurry back, Drago! Our pals need us!
SHUN: I can't believe it. It's Spectra!
SPECTRA: What kind of a greeting is that,
huh, my little friends?
SPECTRA: It looks like you've seen a ghost.
SPECTRA: We're still friends. Don't worry, I came to help.
Shall we?
PAIGE: Who is that freaky hair jockey?
RAFE: Yeah man , fill us in here will ya?!
MARUCHO: Spectra is an old friend from the past
who used to battle along side of us.
I sent an SOS message out to all of our allies earlier,
so I guess he received it!
SPECTRA: I have to say these mindless Chaos Bakugan
are a disgusting sight.
SPECTRA: Let's clean house!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
SPECTRA: Rise Darkus Helios!
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Darkus Helios?
SHUN: But I thought he was a Pyrus Bakugan before!
HELIOS: Can't a Bakugan change?
SPECTRA: Yes, in order to move forward one must evolve.
For Helios that meant trading fire for darkness
to become Darkus Infinity Helios!
SHUN, MARUCHO, PAIGE and RAFE: [gasp]
SPECTRA: Helios! Give our friends a demonstration
of your new powers.
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Clamour Quassar!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaah!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Werfer!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaah!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Deepfire Block A!
[explosions]
[multiple explosions]
SHUN, MARUCHO, PAIGE and RAFE: [grunt, exertion reax]
HELIOS: Hmmmph.
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
RAFE: Whoa. That guy's got some power!
PAIGE: I've never seen anything like it before.
SPECTRA: How did it feel to do that with the new body?
HELIOS: Absolutely incredible. Let's fight some more.
HELIOS: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: Whoa! Helios!
SHUN: That was a hard hit!
SPECTRA: Hmmm. They might be mindless but,
I guess I shouldn't underestimate
the Chaos Bakugan.
COMPUTER VOICE: The 25% damage received from the
direct blast recovered.
Repair and diagnostic run complete.
Defense rate against further energy attacks 120%...
PAIGE: He's not damaged at all?!
RAFE: That's...incredible!
SPECTRA: Ability FARBAS Infinity.
This means their attacks won't leave a mark on Helios.
SPECTRA: Ability activate! [grunt]
SPECTRA: Realrock Buster!
HELIOS: Choke on this!
[huge laser blast]
HELIOS: That was way too easy!
SPECTRA: Hmmph. You're right, it was.
MARUCHO: They took them all down!
SHUN: Helios sure has some power!
ROBIN, BEN and JACK: [gasp]
NOAH: Whoa He's awesome!
ANUBIAS: Well that was an irritating intrusion!
SELLON: Incredible, there is such beauty in his raw power.
ANUBIAS: Are you kidding me? Now who's the one
who's losing their focus, huh?
JACK: What's happening?
ROBIN: Where are they going?
NOAH: [gasp] Huh?!
JACK: [gasp] BEN: What the?!
SHUN: Something's wrong!
NOAH: No Horridian!
HELIOS: Hah, a three-headed mutt.
MARUCHO: Helios, look!
RAFE: Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: Hmmmmmph!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, exertion reax] Whoa!
PAIGE: Why is he attacking us now?
MARUCHO: I have no idea. Maybe the Chaos rampage
had a negative effect on him.
RAFE: Oh no!
PAIGE: Now! Boulderon!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: Time to bring out the heavy machinery.
BakuNano Slingpike! Destroy!
BOULDERON: Open wide!
TAYLEAN: I'm on it!
TRISTAR: Me too!
MARUCHO: Right! SHUN: Right..
SHUN: Baku Nano Hammermor! Destroy!
TAYLEAN: Oh yeeeeeeeeeah!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
Huuuuuaaaaaah!
[ground impact]
TAYLEAN: I could get to like this!
MARUCHO: BakuNano Cross-striker! Destroy!
TRISTAR: Oh yeah!
[laser blast]
TRISTAR: Haaaaah! I love this thing!
MARUCHO: We did it!
SHUN: Sure did.
SPECTRA: No, not quite.
MARUCHO: It's Sellon's Bakugan, Spyron!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Bolting Breaker!
HELIOS: He's going dooooooown!
HELIOS: No way!
SPECTRA: Huh.
MARUCHO: Is that Krowll?
RAFE: Um... guys...
PAIGE: What's going on here?
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
SHUN: Vertexx too?
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
MAG MEL: Fear and battle! My favourite combination!
PAIGE: We'll be buried...
RAFE: ...alive!
NOAH: Huh?
JACK: You can't be serious!
SHUN: What now?
MARUCHO: This is really bad.
ANUBIAS: Huh?
ANUBIAS: I feel it...
[chuckle]
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Blazer!
[large explosion]
MARUCHO: Whoa! SHUN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: Kuso's back!
NOAH: [gasp]
SPECTRA: Hmmmph.
MARUCHO: Nice. Just in time!
RAFE: Huh? PAIGE: Whoa!
DAN: What's up guys?
SHUN: It's good that Dan and Drago are back because
we really need their help in protecting Bakugan Interspace
but does he really think he can start bossing us around again?
Who does he think he is? He's the one who left
Marucho and I to fend for ourselves,
so if anything he should be taking orders from us!
Then he tells us he's got a connection to this
Mag Mel creep who is probably the one responsible
for the Chaos Bakugan rampage. Dan's got a lot of explaining
to do before we take him back.
Tune in to see what Dan has to say for himself.
DAN: Come on, let me at those creeps!
\u266a [MUSIC]